set LVLBITS=1 and give the option of increasing it in future (#611)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/riscv-unpriv-integration.adoc

NOTE: Extensions may add additional non-privileged CSRs that require <<asr_perm>>.

[#sl_perm,reftext="SL-permission"]

> Store Level Permission (SL):: This is a `LVLBITS`-bit field that allows limiting the propagation of capabilities using the following logic: capabilities with a <<section_cap_level>> (see below) less than the inverse of the authorizing capability's <<sl_perm>> will be stored with a zero valid tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store Level Permission (SL):: This is a one-bit field that allows limiting the propagation of capabilities using the following logic: capabilities with a <<section_cap_level>> (see below) less than the inverse of the authorizing capability's <<sl_perm>> will be stored with a zero valid tag.
```

> The base ISA has `LVLBITS=1` and so there is a single bit comparison, behaving as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the base ISA this is a single bit comparison, behaving as follows:
```

[#section_cap_level,reftext="Capability Level (CL)"]
==== Capability Level (CL)

> The _Capability Level_ (CL) is a `LVLBITS`-bit field that allows enforcing invariants on capability propagation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Capability Level_ (CL) field that allows enforcing invariants on capability propagation.
```

For example, the _Capability Level_ can be used to ensure that a callee can only write a copy of the passed-in argument capability to specific locations in memory (e.g., the callee's stack frame but not the heap).
It can also be used to avoid sharing of compartment-local data (such as pointers to a stack object) between compartments.

NOTE: This specification only defines the architectural mechanics of this feature, for further information on how this can be used by software please refer to cite:[cheri-v9-spec].

> The base ISA has `LVLBITS`=1 and so the _Capability Level_ can hold two values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Capability Level_ can hold two values:
```

* 1: the capability is _global_, in general allowing it to be stored using any authorizing capability.
* 0: the capability is _local_, and can only be stored by authorizing capabilities with the <<sl_perm>> set.

Furthermore, the <<el_perm>> can be used to restrict loading of _global_ capabilities -- causing the hardware to automatically set the level of loaded capabilities to _local_ instead.

As with permissions, the _Capability Level_ of a valid capability can only be decreased but never increased (without deriving from a capability with a higher level).
But unlike architectural permissions, the _Capability Level_ can be reduced even if the capability is sealed.

> .`LVLBITS`=1 summary table for stored capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.<<sl_perm>> effects for stored capabilities
```

NOTE: if W=0 or C=0 then SL is irrelevant

> .`LVLBITS`=1 additional rules for loading capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.<<el_perm>> effects for loading capabilities
```
